docs: update jest migration section with promise mock result (#5180)
vitest-dev/vitest: docs/guide/migration.md

const { cloneDeep } = await vi.importActual('lodash/cloneDeep') // [!code ++]
```

### Accessing the Return Values of a Mocked Promise

Both Jest and Vitest store the results of all mock calls in the [`mock.results`](/api/mock.html#mock-results) array, where the return values of each call are stored in the `value` property.

> However, when mocking or spying on a promise (e.g. using `mockResolvedValue`), in Jest the `value` property will be a promise, while in Vitest, it will be the return value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, when mocking or spying on a promise (e.g. using `mockResolvedValue`), in Jest the `value` property will be a promise, while in Vitest, it will become a resolved value when a promise is resolved.
```

Author: Nice, thanks for having a look!
